# Dynex: A Scalable and Reliable Platform for Computing Beyond Moore’s Law
Gordon Earle Moore (January 3, 1929 -March 24, 2023)

DynexSolve is the proprietary mining algorithm that addresses real-life computational tasks by applying Proof-of-Useful-Work (PoUW) throughout the mining process. Dynex represents a cutting-edge neuromorphic computing platform, built upon a revolutionary adaptable blockchain system. Comprising of collaborating miners, this decentralized neuromorphic supercomputing network excels in executing calculations with unparalleled speed and efficiency, surpassing many current quantum computing limitations.

Instead of just brute-forcing random hashes to provide blockchain security, DynexSolve Proof-of-Useful-Work (PoUW) enables customers to access the combined computing power of thousands/millions of GPUs through Python while keeping the Dynex Blockchain going at the same time.

Though the past few decades have seen explosive growth in the computational power of silicon, computers are beginning to reach the limit of what is possible on a single chip. Some suggest quantum computing as a possible solution for this developmental bottleneck; however, in reality, quantum computing appears to be far away from real-world application.

The Dynex platform can solve this problem in today's world, with the use of decentralized Neuromorphic chips. It is important to note that these chips are not physical chips but virtualized software representations running on thousands/millions of GPUs all over the world. Utilizing Decentralization, Game Theory, and Blockchain; Dynex aims to provide a novel computing breakthrough and marketplace for customers. This novel approach will allow computing power on demand (such as for AI, Machine Learning, Protein Folding, and many many other use cases).

Due to the novel nature of Proof of Useful Work two new game theoretical incentives are introduced to miners via network consensus. Aside from Block Reward Inflation and Transaction Fees, miners will also have the opportunity to receive Computation Fees and a Solution Reward/s. Computation Fees will be inserted into blocks as payment from marketplace customers who need to utilize network computation. The Solution Reward works similar to a lottery where the miner who submits the final solution to a job/problem receives a large "bonus" reward. 

All of the above makes Dynex different than other traditional cryptocurrencies as there is not only the decentralized blockchain ledger ensuring transactions are secure, but also another layer of neuromorphic "useful-work" unique to the Dynex platform. Due to the availability of consumer grade hardware(GPUs), and the decentralized nature of POW, we believe that Dynex can achieve computational output even greater than that of quantum computing.

## Abstract

With the end of Moore’s law approaching and Dennard scaling ending, the computing community is increasingly looking at new technologies to enable continued performance improvements. A neuromorphic computer is a "Non Von Neumann" computer whose structure and function are inspired by biology and physics. Today, such systems can be built and operated using existing technology, even at scale, and are capable of outperforming current quantum computers.

Dynex is a next-generation platform for neuromorphic computing based on a new flexible blockchain protocol. It is designed for the development of software applications and algorithms that utilize neuromorphic hardware and are capable of accelerating computation. To accomplish this goal, the platform connects hosts that are running clusters of neuromorphic chips with users and applications that utilize this next-generation hardware. On the Dynex platform, computation time is exchanged for the Dynex native token.

Dynex has also developed a proprietary circuit design, the Dynex Neuromorphic Chip, that complements the Dynex ecosystem and turns any modern Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) into multiple neuromorphic computing chips that can perform orders of magnitude faster than classical or quantum methodologies for a wide range of applications. Due to the dominance of ASICs in the Proof-of-Work mining industry, as well as the Ethereum Merge which saw Ethereum transition from GPU based POW to a different consensus mechanism called POS (Proof-of-Stake) there is a large amount of dormant GPU infrastructure available which can be converted into high performance next-generation neuromorphic computing clusters.
